[Music]
inside this housing there is a little
little camera which is a work of art of
Technology and this camera is able to
capture the most delicate light that
exists so this is really a beautiful
combination of housing and camera that
we're gonna use you to capture something
literally fantastic
[Music]
I don't see anything we're filming in
total absolute darkness I don't say what
I'm filming I don't see Lisa you know
and they don't see us either so when you
turn the lights off they start swimming
all of the words here I'm bumping into
you and I was laughing and every every
now and then I just look around we're
surrounded by absolute darkness
sometimes I can see bioluminescence and
us encouraging you I love diving at
night this is a very intimate experience
like a dream
[Music]
you